if you are serious about doing
winter fishing, you can not do
without
ice screws because time for winter fishing
It is not cheap
and if you go to the comrade's hole for
ice drill and then carry it back
it takes this precious time sometimes
on ice fishing ice must constantly
be at hand and if you don’t
will own and you will
use someone else then call
this inconvenience to their colleagues is
earlier ice fishing lovers
limited to doing her best
ice hole
and besides about 50 years ago
ice-screw for winter fishing was big
a rarity in our time performs an ice pick
function of the probe so that during the movement
blows to check the ice strength
if ice breaks through the ice with one blow
then go on the ice is dangerous waste
time and energy when breaking through ice
can not be compared with the drilling process
ice hole to date
fishing store counters
filled with plenty
Lodobur both Russian and
import manufacturer
among domestic producers whether
dobor well proved
St. Petersburg North Plant and CJSC
tonar plus from the city of Barnaul
these plants are similar in structure both
Icebreaker factory is no longer alone
ten years and their product is very popular
winter fishing enthusiasts because of their
durability strength and relatively
small price knives such ice screws
easily and quickly changed with
simple screwdriver they screwdriver something
fit and the knife only needs to be unscrewed 4
Screw change blade and re-tighten
ice screws screws released
St. Petersburg factory have only
one size for hole
130 mm in diameter Barnaul
on the contrary, it is produced in several
options
here is where to roam also
produced two-handed ice drills
rotate that need two hands at once
if you have previously preferred to use
the classic model is a new ice drill
for winter fishing you might seem
not quite comfortable but getting used to you
make sure that effort is needed now
spend much less prices on
domestic whether up mountains are in
within one 2000 rubles
besides steel there is a titanium ice drill and
they are much easier which is useful if
required to go far on foot prices
such are between four and
half to five and a half thousand
rubles what about
imported ice screws in stores you can
to meet more often than other ice screws company
mora their difference is rotation
produced in the opposite direction
compared to the domestic ice drill
they have high quality welding
durable metal tape auger
strong fixation of the articulation site
store halves there
various ice screws with augers
diameter from 70 to 200 millimeters of them
weight is slightly higher
Yes, and the price of such ice-drills is higher as
at least one thousand knives are made of
stainless steel
but dulled quickly when drilling ice
with grains of sand
they are attached to the ice screws with screws
using the hexagon alone
sharpen the semicircular knives of this ice drill
hard even at home
better always have a couple of spare
sets of knives in recent years
some lovers of winter fishing have become
apply and mod or good it is ice screw
equipped with gasoline engines with
screw diameters from 130 to 350
millimeters
the cost of moto icebreakers is from
20 to 30 and more thousand rubles such moto
ice screw can be very useful
lovers of fishing on zherlitsy since
allows to drill in a short time
a large number of wells at the end
You can say that a good and reliable
ice drill one of the components
successful winter fishing